Hello this is Kirill for Expo dot com.
And welcome back to the course on forex trading in this section we will be talking about technical analysis
and in particular I will provide you with your technical analysis Arsenal a comprehensive base of technical
analysis skills and tools that will help you cover most of the trading situations.
You will find yourself in before we proceed.
I'd like to underline that whatever we talk about in this section are my views and all of this is derived
from my personal experience of trading the other tutorials and courses that you might find on the Internet
.
They might have different views and a different way or idea of skills and techniques to use in the Forex
market.
And that's totally fine.
You're more than welcome to in your free time to explore additional skills.
However what I provide is in my view the most important things that will help you.
In most cases and to start off with I would like to quote the Pareto Principle which states that 80
percent of the effects come from 20 percent of the causes.
And this can be applied to things like 80 percent of these are usually contained in 20 percent of the
pods in a garden 80 percent of sales of a lot of companies come from 20 percent of the clients 80 percent
of work can be done in 20 percent of the time.
That's a principle and it applies in lots and lots of situations in life.
And I personally believe it also applies in technical analysis and it's not a coincidence that I call
this section technical analysis Arsenal because there is a limited number of skills and techniques that
you need to know to cover most of the situations you'll come across.
And I believe that the techniques that I'm going to cover in the section are about maybe 20 percent
of the techniques that you can find out there as a starting or traitor and they will cover 80 percent
of the situations that will come across and you'll see that in our live trading we will be we will limit
ourselves to these to any set of techniques and we'll be able to trade in most of the cases.
And so a lot of courses and a lot of books get technical analysis make it seem very complicated and
confusing.
And I want to avoid that in this course.
We will look at a limited number of the most efficient most powerful techniques and that way they will
seem simple and they are simple and they will cover most of your trading.
Let's sum up in three bullet points what we're going to cover in the section will cover techniques and
skills that will get you through 80 percent of situations on the market.
And that doesn't mean that you won't know what to do.
In other cases it just means that you won't have to trade in other cases and you'll find the right situations
for the skills and techniques doesn't.
Not at all doesn't mean that you will have any difficulties or trouble that just means that you will
trade when you find these techniques to be working on the market.
We will make everything very simple broken down into extremely intuitive steps.
That's the way it should be some technical analysis is simple in nature and everything should be clear
everything will be clear in this section because it is important to understand the principles and how
they apply.
They can be any gray areas that technical analysis has to allow you to create a strict trading strategy
which will tell you whether to enter the market or not change the market.
So those are the three things I will be aiming for and that's what you will get from this section